git add . #This adds all the new work
git status #This shows the status of the files (added ot committed)
git commit -m "message" #This communicates a message
git push origin main

friends = ['jimmy','john','njuguna','lucy','buch','bruno','adriana','adela','adolfo','edwina','zack']
print(friends)
friends[8:]
friends.pop(4)
print(friends)
friends.sort()
print(friends)
friends.reverse()
print(friends)


Continuous Data:

Histogram: Displays the distribution of continuous data.
Box plot: Shows the distribution, central tendency, and variability of continuous data.
Density plot: Similar to a histogram but shows a smooth estimate of the distribution.
Scatter plot: Useful for visualizing relationships between two continuous variables.
Categorical Data:

Bar plot: Displays the frequency or proportion of different categories.
Pie chart: Shows the proportion of each category relative to the whole.
Donut chart: Similar to a pie chart but with a hole in the center, making it easier to compare categories.
Time Series Data:

Line plot: Useful for visualizing trends and patterns over time.
Area plot: Similar to a line plot but with the area under the curve filled, making it easier to compare multiple time series.
Seasonal plot: Helps visualize seasonal patterns in time series data.
Lag plot: Shows the relationship between each data point and its lagged value, useful for detecting autocorrelation.
Multivariate Data:

Heatmap: Visualizes the relationship between two categorical variables or one categorical and one continuous variable.
Pair plot: Grid of scatter plots showing the relationships between multiple pairs of variables.
Parallel coordinates plot: Useful for visualizing relationships between multiple continuous variables.
3D scatter plot: Extends the scatter plot to visualize relationships among three variables.
Geospatial Data:

Choropleth map: Colors geographical areas based on a variable of interest.
Bubble map: Places bubbles on a map, with the size of the bubble representing a variable.
Heatmap: Shows the density of points or events on a map.
Flow map: Visualizes movement or flow between geographical locations.
Text Data:

Word cloud: Displays the frequency of words in a text corpus, with more frequent words appearing larger.
Bar plot: Shows the frequency of top n words or phrases.
Network plot: Visualizes relationships between words or documents.
Topic modeling visualization: Represents topics extracted from text data and their relationships.
